.gitignore
.gitpod.yml
.pre-commit-config.yaml
.readthedocs.yml
CHANGELOG.rst
LICENSE
README.md
check_quality.bat
create_docs.bat
create_venv.py
dfetch.code-workspace
dfetch.yaml
pyproject.toml
.github/dependabot.yml
.github/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml
.github/workflows/docs.yml
.github/workflows/landing-page.yml
.github/workflows/python-publish.yml
.github/workflows/run.yml
.github/workflows/test.yml
.gitpod/Dockerfile
dfetch/__init__.py
dfetch/__main__.py
dfetch/log.py
dfetch.egg-info/PKG-INFO
dfetch.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
dfetch.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
dfetch.egg-info/entry_points.txt
dfetch.egg-info/requires.txt
dfetch.egg-info/top_level.txt
dfetch/commands/__init__.py
dfetch/commands/check.py
dfetch/commands/command.py
dfetch/commands/common.py
dfetch/commands/diff.py
dfetch/commands/environment.py
dfetch/commands/freeze.py
dfetch/commands/import_.py
dfetch/commands/init.py
dfetch/commands/report.py
dfetch/commands/update.py
dfetch/commands/validate.py
dfetch/manifest/__init__.py
dfetch/manifest/manifest.py
dfetch/manifest/project.py
dfetch/manifest/remote.py
dfetch/manifest/validate.py
dfetch/manifest/version.py
dfetch/project/__init__.py
dfetch/project/abstract_check_reporter.py
dfetch/project/git.py
dfetch/project/metadata.py
dfetch/project/svn.py
dfetch/project/vcs.py
dfetch/reporting/__init__.py
dfetch/reporting/reporter.py
dfetch/reporting/sbom_reporter.py
dfetch/reporting/stdout_reporter.py
dfetch/reporting/check/__init__.py
dfetch/reporting/check/code_climate_reporter.py
dfetch/reporting/check/jenkins_reporter.py
dfetch/reporting/check/reporter.py
dfetch/reporting/check/sarif_reporter.py
dfetch/reporting/check/stdout_reporter.py
dfetch/resources/__init__.py
dfetch/resources/schema.yaml
dfetch/resources/template.yaml
dfetch/util/__init__.py
dfetch/util/cmdline.py
dfetch/util/util.py
dfetch/util/versions.py
dfetch/vcs/__init__.py
dfetch/vcs/git.py
doc/Makefile
doc/alternatives.rst
doc/changelog.rst
doc/conf.py
doc/contributing.rst
doc/getting_started.rst
doc/index.rst
doc/internal.rst
doc/legal.rst
doc/make.bat
doc/manifest.rst
doc/manual.rst
doc/troubleshooting.rst
doc/asciicasts/basic.cast
doc/asciicasts/check-ci.cast
doc/asciicasts/check.cast
doc/asciicasts/diff.cast
doc/asciicasts/environment.cast
doc/asciicasts/freeze.cast
doc/asciicasts/import.cast
doc/asciicasts/init.cast
doc/asciicasts/report.cast
doc/asciicasts/sbom.cast
doc/asciicasts/update.cast
doc/asciicasts/validate.cast
doc/generate-casts/README.md
doc/generate-casts/basic-demo.sh
doc/generate-casts/check-ci-demo.sh
doc/generate-casts/check-demo.sh
doc/generate-casts/diff-demo.sh
doc/generate-casts/environment-demo.sh
doc/generate-casts/freeze-demo.sh
doc/generate-casts/generate-casts.sh
doc/generate-casts/import-demo.sh
doc/generate-casts/init-demo.sh
doc/generate-casts/report-demo.sh
doc/generate-casts/report-sbom-demo.sh
doc/generate-casts/strip-setup-from-cast.sh
doc/generate-casts/update-demo.sh
doc/generate-casts/validate-demo.sh
doc/generate-casts/demo-magic/.dfetch_data.yaml
doc/generate-casts/demo-magic/demo-magic.sh
doc/generate-casts/demo-magic/license.txt
doc/images/dfetch_header.png
doc/images/dfetch_header.svg
doc/images/dfetch_logo.png
doc/images/dfetch_logo.svg
doc/images/dog.svg
doc/images/github-actions-result.png
doc/images/gitlab-check-pipeline-result.png
doc/images/gitlab-highlighted-manifest.png
doc/images/local-change-github-details.png
doc/images/local-change-github.png
doc/images/out-of-date-jenkins.png
doc/images/out-of-date-jenkins2.png
doc/landing-page/Makefile
doc/landing-page/conf.py
doc/landing-page/index.rst
doc/landing-page/make.bat
doc/landing-page/static/css/custom.css
doc/static/css/custom.css
doc/static/uml/c1_dfetch_context.puml
doc/static/uml/c2_dfetch_containers.puml
doc/static/uml/c3_dfetch_components_commands.puml
doc/static/uml/c3_dfetch_components_manifest.puml
doc/static/uml/c3_dfetch_components_project.puml
doc/static/uml/check.puml
doc/static/uml/generate_diagram.py
doc/static/uml/update.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/.dfetch_data.yaml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/.gitattributes
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/C4.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/C4_Component.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/C4_Container.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/C4_Context.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/C4_Deployment.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/C4_Dynamic.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/C4_Sequence.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/LICENSE
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/LayoutOptions.md
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/README.md
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/Themes.md
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/.github/stale.yml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/.github/workflows/run-percy-tests.yml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/.scripts/HowToCreateANewRelease.md
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/.scripts/plantuml_stdlib_info.txt
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/.scripts/readme_release_header.txt
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/.scripts/transform_files.py
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/images/intellij_c4plantum_live_template1.gif
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/images/intellij_c4plantum_live_template2.gif
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/images/vscode_c4plantuml_snippets.gif
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/intellij/c4_live_template.zip
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/C4_Component Diagram Sample - bigbankplc.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/C4_Container Diagram Sample - bigbankplc-icons.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/C4_Container Diagram Sample - bigbankplc-styles.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/C4_Container Diagram Sample - bigbankplc.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/C4_Container Diagram Sample - message bus.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/C4_Container Diagram Sample - techtribesjs.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/C4_Context Diagram Sample - bigbankplc-landscape.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/C4_Context Diagram Sample - bigbankplc.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/C4_Context Diagram Sample - enterprise.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/C4_Deployment Diagram Sample - bigbankplc-details.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/C4_Deployment Diagram Sample - bigbankplc.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/C4_Dynamic Diagram Sample - bigbankplc.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/C4_Sequence Diagram Sample - bigbankplc.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestAllElementsWithLegend.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestBoundaryTagSupport.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestEmptyLabel.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestFloatingLegend.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestLabelsWithLineBreak.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestLayDirections.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestLayoutLandscape.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestLayoutLandscapeDynamic.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestLegend.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestLegendDetailsNone.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestLegendDetailsNormal.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestLegendDetailsSmall.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestLegendHidden.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestLegendSprite.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestPersonOutline.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestPersonPortrait.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestPredefinedSprites.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestRelations.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestRelationsDynamic.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestRelationsTags.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestSequenceSkinparams.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestSketchStyle.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestSystemPersonSupportType.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestTagSupportsSprite.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestTagSupportsSpriteTechn.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestThemeC4_All.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestThemeC4_FirstTest.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestThemeC4_united.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestThemeSupport.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestThemeTemplate.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/percy/TestVersion.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4CoreDiagrams.md
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Component Diagram Sample - bigbankplc.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Container Diagram Sample - bigbankplc-icons.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Container Diagram Sample - bigbankplc-styles.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Container Diagram Sample - bigbankplc.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Container Diagram Sample - message bus.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Container Diagram Sample - techtribesjs.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Context Diagram Sample - bigbankplc-landscape.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Context Diagram Sample - bigbankplc.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Context Diagram Sample - enterprise.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Deployment Diagram Sample - bigbankplc-details.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Deployment Diagram Sample - bigbankplc.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Dynamic Diagram Sample - bigbankplc.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Dynamic Diagram Sample - message bus - old format.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Dynamic Diagram Sample - message bus.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Sequence Diagram Sample - bigbankplc.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/samples/C4_Sequence Diagram Sample - complex.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/themes/puml-theme-C4_FirstTest.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/themes/puml-theme-C4_blue.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/themes/puml-theme-C4_brown.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/themes/puml-theme-C4_green.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/themes/puml-theme-C4_sandstone.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/themes/puml-theme-C4_superhero.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/themes/puml-theme-C4_united.puml
doc/static/uml/styles/plantuml-c4/themes/puml-theme-C4_violet.puml
example/dfetch.yaml
features/check-git-repo.feature
features/check-report-code-climate.feature
features/check-report-jenkins.feature
features/check-report-sarif.feature
features/check-specific-projects.feature
features/check-svn-repo.feature
features/checked-project-has-dependencies.feature
features/diff-in-git.feature
features/diff-in-svn.feature
features/environment.py
features/fetch-checks-destination.feature
features/fetch-file-pattern-git.feature
features/fetch-file-pattern-svn.feature
features/fetch-git-repo.feature
features/fetch-single-file-git.feature
features/fetch-single-file-svn.feature
features/fetch-specific-project.feature
features/fetch-svn-repo.feature
features/freeze-projects.feature
features/guard-against-overwriting.feature
features/handle-invalid-metadata.feature
features/import-from-git.feature
features/import-from-svn.feature
features/journey-basic-usage.feature
features/keep-license-in-project.feature
features/list-projects.feature
features/patch-after-fetch-git.feature
features/patch-after-fetch-svn.feature
features/report-sbom.feature
features/suggest-project-name.feature
features/updated-project-has-dependencies.feature
features/validate-manifest.feature
features/steps/generic_steps.py
features/steps/git_steps.py
features/steps/manifest_steps.py
features/steps/svn_steps.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/manifest_mock.py
tests/run_tests.bat
tests/test_check.py
tests/test_cmdline.py
tests/test_git_vcs.py
tests/test_import.py
tests/test_manifest.py
tests/test_project_entry.py
tests/test_project_version.py
tests/test_report.py
tests/test_resources.py
tests/test_svn.py
tests/test_update.py
tests/test_util_version.py
tests/test_vcs.py